Challenge 042 : Medium Spy Admin Challenge

Welcome to this interesting challenge.
login form --> let's try sql injection various methods : neither of them works
there might be a reason you've been given a user credentials 
It looks like a simple website.. let's login with the given username and password.

Looks suspicious..
"Our Customer" "Paid Browser" --> "OurBrowser"

The Customers have been secretised to used some specific paid browser
Let's check out by changing our UserAgent to "OurBrowser"
u can create this using User Agent addon or tamper request using tamper data or burpsuite 

Now u have access to ur profile
it shows username and some call id.

which might be coming from database.
lets try injecting some queries into different injection fields.. such as along with user agent.
lets check out our cookies

the content looks something like c2NydHVzcg%3D%3D  %3D = "="
c2NydHVzcg== 

this sure is base64 encoded.. let's decode this : scrtusr
this is the username we have logged in as
OKAY !!  the cookie has content as username which is being encoded as base64
so let's try base64 encoded (admin).. might work :)

admin : YWRtaW4=  
Nice Try :P

so let's try something else :
let's try to inject this field as : base64[scrtusr'] : c2NydHVzcic=
save the cookie 
wow.. it gives : you almost got it.. so surely this part is injectable.. let's try another queries as scrtusr' or scrtusr"  with base64 encoding
and with some time u'll come to know that the query is balanced using ')

') order by 4-- - : gives unknown column 4 
so no. of columns is 3

let's base 64 encode this : ') union all select 1,2,3 -- - and inject in our cookie

so we  get the vulnerable column i.e. 2 
so let's inject this completely using error sql injection 

') union all select 1,group_concat(table_name),3 from information_schema.tables where table_schema=database() -- -
JykgdW5pb24gYWxsIHNlbGVjdCAxLGdyb3VwX2NvbmNhdCh0YWJsZV9uYW1lKSwzIGZyb20gaW5mb3JtYXRpb25fc2NoZW1hLnRhYmxlcyB3aGVyZSB0YWJsZV9zY2hlbWE9ZGF0YWJhc2UoKSAtLSAt

gives tables : emails and users
 
inject into table and get the username and password for admin

admin : TheAdminPassw0rd

Congratulations You Tried Your Best (y) 

Hope you enjoyed this challenge and Learned some new Things about WebApp Security !!!
